As expected of a investment promotion meeting for tens of billions of orders
It's anticipation.
Our Chen family finally has a proud day
Just think about it
It's just that your brother doesn't know when he will be back.
What's the matter?
Brother will be fine
That's our Chen family. We are not afraid of shadow slanting.
Those trash who are doing small tricks behind the scenes
If you can't succeed, you just
Oh, Mr. Liu
You take too much care of our family.
Such a big investment promotion fair
I've never seen one.
What is the point of thinking about dim sum for beautiful consumption?
Mixiu
Liu Shao's kindness, you have to repay it well
Yandu Shen family specially sent value 1 billion
A Genting Shanggong Villa
Yandu Baijia specially sent 30 luxury cars
Yandu Zhangjia dedicates 800 million investment
This Chen Meixiao doesn't know what kind of luck she hit
young
Can actually receive tens of billions of orders from Shenglong Group
In the future, the Chen family can play the top power of Great Xia
That's the real future.
Leave Li's house first
Or take a break